all right Joe well this is amazing truly
and you know what we're gonna do right
now I'm gonna hand the yellow mic off to
you and send you out on the street get
some reactions from people what do you
think about that I'm willing to give it
a try
haven't done this kind of an interview
before but I think I know what to ask to
get some reactions from people let's
give it a shot
I would like to know what Bugs Bunny
thinks about Hillary Clinton and what
Bugs Bunny thinks about Hillary Clinton
I think that she's probably got as good
a shot at the presidency as Elmer Fudd
does our ladies and gentlemen and
welcome to the yellow mic I am your host
Logan lightstick oh and today I'm here
with a very special guest
now Joey Lasky is an Emmy winning voice
artist and why don't you let us know a
little bit about what voices you do well
I started off with Looney Tunes I guess
you'd have to say in the movies I was in
Who Framed Roger Rabbit as Yosemite Sam
coming over the wall saying this gets us
burnin rubber laughs after that I got to
TV with Steven Spielberg's Tiny Toon
Adventures I would see immensely popular
plucky duck the little green duck right
you probably know me better as plucky
duck from Tiny Toons remember saying
that I was her hero wasn't
my hero I was an excellent role model
except for kids bring the Looney Tunes
back and let's do some hip-hop and I'm
gonna be one too art is that right the
song from hustle King go get the album
MySpace why you and Gbit you don't
believe in a guy god bless you guys and
after that it just kind of opened up for
me I I did uncle stinky and cash back
and down the line grandpa Lou and
Rugrats one of my favorite parts and for
about 22 years though since about 1986
I've been doing Daffy Duck and the other
Looney Tunes along the way hey well
folks if you will commit the wound Ito's
yeah I can do I say I do foghorn leghorn
yes whenever they ask me yeah pay
attention saw the hill how about if I
just ask you who's your favorite Looney
tune
Sylvester full westerwelle he's one of
my favorites too it's all we've left her
a little little yellow bird to look
sorta like this for the faith over 22
years doing that and the Emmy I got was
for duck Dodgers which is still you can
still see that on boomerang that's a
terrific show or you can buy a bootleg
DVD the risk of making myself look
absolutely ridiculous may I ask you who
is your favorite cartoon character well
that is the perfect answer
Homer Simpson Looney Tunes back in
action I had both lead roles of Daffy
and bugs bunny who was probably the most
difficult voice to do because he's so
casual but it's such a difficult study
to get it technically correct the right
accent the right placement and all that
stuff the large ungainly purple dinosaur
happens to be a fan of the Looney Tunes
I am doing today Barney
apparently not so well that's a quick
thumbnail history of me and very proud
to be part of the industry and have
worked for so many great people I have
to say I got my real start in radio in
Boston we had guest stars popped in from
time to time and one day in pops the
voices of Rocky and Bullwinkle Bill
Scott and Jim for a bill Scott was the
head writer co-producer and voice of all
the lead characters including Bullwinkle
and Dudley do-right and they were very
instrumental in getting me set up out
there got me into the union's back then
I played the board is better than all
famous Coldwater spy from Pennsylvania